---
title: "0zy9ya2a9c635f1454136a8410a6ea659ba7f"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

Old LinkedIn ProfileHola Hola &#128406;&#127998;,I'm Trekkw2ks (pronounced as Trekk with two ks) &#128526;.I have a question for you. Are you an entrepreneur or project looking to grow in the crypto space? Or do you have a non-crypto related business and want to expand into the space?I work with #ThinkersandDoers to help educate, onboard, and build their #BrandEcho in the space.So, what do I do? &#129335;&#127998;&zwj;♂️Actually, I do a few things. Currently, I contribute content to two of the longest running crypto YouTube channels in the space. I host #MyTwoSatoshis on CBTV. And my second segment is called #WeekendCrypto on The Gentlemen of Crypto channel.I educate and develop digital real estate in the Uplift metaverse for projects and individuals looking to gain access and or build brand awareness in the Minecraft base digital world.&nbsp;I do public speaking centered around blockchain technology and the various use case such as cryptocurrency, NFTS, metaverses, and web3. And when the situation calls for it, I connect people in the space I believe have a mutual interests.Bottom line, if one of questions apply to you, my Office (DM) is open.&nbsp;Every brand has a voice, who's echoing yours?I'm here to help. But honesty, I'm not for everyone.P.S. PLEASE, reread the the entire ABOUT section. If your pushing BTC mining and trading beware the #pickleweasel. He loves to waste people's time.Recruiters this is  NOT A PITCH for a 9 to 5.RULES OF ENGAGEMENT: I will not engage the following type of DMs.1. The first DMs is a copy &amp; paste marketing intro of your product or services.2. DMs dealing with the trading or mining of cryptos.3. Any DM that raises yellow flags of a scam. I respect the creativity but believe in COMMUNITY POLICING. So I put scammer on public blast.4. DMs that provide no intention for your connecting to me. If it just a numbers game just say so.5. DMs from sales people who have no idea on how to build rapport. If we haven't built one, even if I do not use your service/product, I could recommend it to someone who needs it. It's called networking.